Add init docs for OpenLab (#1)
theopenlab/publications: contributor/Resource_Sponsor.md

# How to sponsor resources
All of resources that are donated to OpenLab list in [here](https://github.com/theopenlab/resources). Now we have many cloud providers to provide VMs for CI testing, and also we have some dedicated resources donated by our sponsors. If you would like to provide your cloud or other kind of resources, read the guide bellow:
1. New an [issue](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab/issues/new?template=resource_donating.md) to describe what kind and how many resources you would like to provide, fill out the form to tell the details including your contact information and so on

> 2. After received your donation request, our marketing member will contact you as soon as possible   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After received your donation information, OpenLab governance member @theopenlab/governance will contact you as soon as possible   
```

> 3. The marketing member will ask operator to add the cloud provider or other kind of resources to OpenLab CI system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The OpenLab governance member will ask operator team @theopenlab/ops to add the cloud provider or other kind of resources to OpenLab CI or dedicated resource pool when donation resources are availability.
```

> 4. Last the operator will close the donation request. Thank you very much for your donation! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. At last @theopenlab/ops will close the donation when everything is OK. Thank you very much for your donation! 
```

# How to sponsor resources
We list all of resources that are donated to OpenLab in [website](https://openlabtesting.org/explore/). Now we have many cloud providers to provide VMs for CI testing, and also we have some dedicated resources donated by our sponsors. If you would like to provide your cloud or other kind of resources, read the guide bellow:

1. Open an [issue](https://github.com/theopenlab/openlab/issues/new?template=resource_donating.md&labels=donating) to describe what kind and how many resources you would like to provide, fill out the form to tell the details
2. After received your donation information, OpenLab governance member @theopenlab/governance will contact you as soon as possible   

> 3. The OpenLab governance member will ask operator team @theopenlab/ops to add the cloud provider or other kind of resources to OpenLab CI or dedicated resource pool when donation resources are available

Reviewer: s/add the cloud provider or other kind of resources/add virtual machine or other kind of resources/
